A lot of times in interviews you will come across or you will be asked this question.
Let's talk about your current employer or your previous employer.
Remember the most fundamental rule you do not want to trash talk your previous employer.
You may have experienced the worst possible scenario.
You may have not left on the best terms.
But that still doesn't mean that you can trash talk them.
You may not get a referral from them, but when you trash talk your previous employer, you're not displaying
a sense of integrity.
It is okay to do that in a private setting, but not when you're talking to your future employer.
With your future employer.
You want to be forward focused or future focused, and you want to present your previous employer in
such a way that it doesn't bring them into disrepute and it doesn't damage your reputation either.
So when you're asked to talk about a previous employer, especially during an interview, talk about
specifically what your goals are, what your what, what makes you happy, and what you have in mind
for your career goals.
So if your previous employer was toxic and you quit because of the situation, then talk about the kind
of person that you are and the kind of person that or the kind of company that your new employer would
be like.
And then go from there.
Talk about how.
Talk about something that will not damage that reputation.
Don't say toxic work culture.
Say something like.
I was working all this time and it was really enjoyable.
But at the same time I am career focused and I want to do this, this and this in order to achieve success
professionally and personally.
And that's why I'm here today.
So keep in mind that I didn't say anything bad about the previous company.
I said, I've enjoyed working there, but this is why I'm leaving.
And this again ties back to the previous question Why are you looking for a job?
So remember, never trust your employer and always leave on a good note.
Never on a sour note.